Add note about Jackson configuration in rest client guides (#22607)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/rest-client-reactive.adoc

The model above is only a subset of the fields provided by the service, but it suffices for the purposes of this guide.

[NOTE]
====

> The fields of `Extension` where made `public` in order to make Jackson to be able to serialize them using its default settings. For more information about configuring Jackson, see xref:rest-json.adoc#jackson[this guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields of `Extension` were made `public` in order to make Jackson able to serialize them using its default settings. For more information about configuring Jackson, see xref:rest-json.adoc#jackson[this guide].
```
